✨ (feat) [SYNTHETICS]: adding Step Replay functionality on the extension (first version, debugger free) (#30411)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/browser_tests/_index.md

  </ul>
</div>

### How to use Step Replay

You can replay steps in three ways:

<strong>1. Single Step Replay:</strong> Re-execute a single step:
{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/recording__replay--replay-one-step.mp4" alt="Single Step Replay" video="true" height="400px" >}}
<p style="text-align: center;"><em>Hover the step, click on the play button to replay only this step</em></p>

<strong>2. Replay All Steps:</strong> Run the entire sequence of steps as currently defined in the recorder:
{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/recording__replay--replay-all-steps.mp4" alt="Replay All Steps" video="true" height="400px" >}}
<p style="text-align: center;"><em>Click on the replay all icon (⏩︎) on top of the step list to replay all steps</em></p>

<strong>3. Replay Selected Steps:</strong> Run a subset of steps you select in the step list:
{{< img src="synthetics/browser_tests/recording__replay--replay-selected-steps.mp4" alt="Replay Selected Steps" video="true">}}
<p style="text-align: center;"><em>Select the steps you want to replay then click on the replay selected icon (⏩︎) on top of the step list.</em></p>

### Fully Supported Steps

> These steps are fully supported in the current version of Step Replay, and behave consistently with the Synthetics platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps are supported in step replay:
```

- Extract Variable
- Go to URL
- Refresh
- Scroll

> - Select Option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select option
```

- Wait
- Assert Checkbox State

> - Assert Current URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assert current URL
```

> - Assert Element Attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assert element attribute
```

> - Assert Element Content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assert element content
```

> - Assert Element Present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assert element present
```

> - Assert File Download

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assert file download
```

- Assert Page Contains

> - Assert Page Lacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assert page lacks
```

> ### Debugger Permissions & Upcoming Improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Debugger permissions
```
We try to not use wording that implies "future" focused features so just re-wording this

> Currently, the Step Replay feature runs without Chrome’s debugger permission. This means some advanced user actions are either not yet supported or may behave differently compared to full Synthetics test runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the step replay feature runs without Chrome's debugger permission. This means some advanced user actions are either not yet supported or may behave differently compared to full Synthetic Monitoring test runs.
```
This implies some future change in functionality but I think this is ok to state.

> An upcoming release of the Chrome extension will enable debugger permission, bringing Step Replay much closer to full feature compatibility with the Synthetics platform, providing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
we should remove this whole section as again we try not to discuss future features just in case they don't happen :) and instead we can add this list to the supported features list once they are available.

> - **More accurate simulation of user behavior:** Complex interactions like keystrokes, dynamic page updates, and UI transitions will match the behavior observed in full test runs on the Synthetics platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - **Support for advanced Step Types:** Steps previously unsupported or limited will become fully functional:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  - Assert from JavaScript
  - Extract from JavaScript

>   - Press Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   - Type Text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - **Enhanced fidelity for click and hover:** These steps will behave identically to how they execute in the Synthetics platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> We’re actively working on this enhancement and expect to release it soon. Stay tuned for update notifications in the extension or Synthetics UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Step Types Not Yet Supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step types not supported
```
I think this section is ok and likely in the future we can add a table with checkboxes so it's easier to distinguish which features are available with step replay.. actually now that I think of it, this might be a better idea, would you want to re-work the supported features and not supported features section in a table similar to: https://docs.datadoghq.com/security/cloud_security_management/setup/supported_deployment_types ? Let me know, I can help with this too.
